Add documentation to the full text search (#4793)
camptocamp/c2cgeoportal: doc/integrator/fulltext_search.rst

``fr: fr`` is a link between the pyramid language and the text search configuration, by default it is
``fr: french`` because the default french text search configuration is named 'french'.

> Don't use Synonym and Thesaurus Dictionary

Reviewer: "Don't" -> "Do not"

------------------------------------------

> With thoes dictionary e.-g. 'alignement' is simplifyed as 'align':

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With those dictionaries e.-g. 'alignement' is simplifyed as 'align':
```

> With those dictionaries e.-g. 'alignement' is simplifyed as 'align':

Reviewer: We recommend to avoid using the Synonym and Thesaurus dictionaries, because when these are used, a word like 'alignement' is simplified as 'align':

Author: It's not a recommendation, it's a choice...

Reviewer: Ah, yes. So we should say that. Something like;

You may wish to avoid using the Synonym and Thesaurus dictionaries, because when these are used, a word like 'alignement' is simplified as 'align':

.. code:: sql

   SELECT to_tsvector('fr', 'alignement');
   'align':1

> Then 'alignem' don't match with it:

Reviewer: Thus, 'alignem' does not match in the search, which is unexpected behavior for the user:

Reviewer: New:

Thus, 'alignem' does not match in the search, which might be considered unexpected behavior by users:

.. code:: sql

   SELECT to_tsquery('fr', 'alignem:*');
   'alignem':*

> To fix that we will create and use a new dectionary named `french_alt`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fix that we will create and use a new dictionary named `french_alt`:
```

> To fix that we will create and use a new dictionary named `french_alt`:

Reviewer: The change this behavior, you can create and use a new dictionary named `french_alt`:

.. code:: sql

   CREATE TEXT SEARCH DICTIONARY french_alt (TEMPLATE = pg_catalog.simple);
   ALTER TEXT SEARCH DICTIONARY french_alt (STOPWORDS = french);
   ALTER TEXT SEARCH CONFIGURATION fr ALTER MAPPING FOR asciiword WITH french_alt;

.. note::

>    We keep the stop word to remove the french little works.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   We keep the stop words to remove the French short words.
```
